---
layout: post
title: Spend New Year the right way #WP1
---

Some songs that you can listen to on New Year's Eve.

# Song list
[Listen online](https://play.google.com/music/playlist/AMaBXynot0uTFBSQlvJxdYIlshQ3ZhF1nHI9n747TtVuBcdExqd5TM1LFPLh9ztuVMHqwtTw6z7PKrFa-NS5XVuy7yos1Lcw6A%3D%3D)

1. Let it Snow - Frank Sinatra
2. Last Christmas - First To Eleven (cover)
3. Christmas Lights - Coldplay
4. Happy New Year - ABBA
5. Merry Christmas Everyone - Shakin' Stevens
6. Christmas Every Day - Simple Plan
7. Bring Me To Life - Evanescence
8. If You Only Knew - Shinedown
9. Crushcrushcrush - Paramore
10. Throne - Bring Me The Horizon

## Let it Snow
If you don't have any Snow on New Year's Eve - welcome to my world.
Get yourself some of the holiday's spirit by listening to this song.

## Last Christmas
Original is great by itself, but this cover rocked my heart. There's also
a [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IvAbKoKYTfE), 
and I `highly` recommend you to watch it.

## Christmas Lights
Just cool song from a band that I listen to from time to time, and it's
pretty christmassy.

## Happy New Year, Merry Chrismas Everyone
Another 2 classics, another `+` for your holiday's spirit.

## Christmas Every Day
Cool sounding song that I like and enjoy listening to around Christmas.

## Bring Me To Life
Turn this on at exactly 11:59:08 P.M. and the first `Wake me Up` will play 
at exactly midnight. Start New Year the right way!

## If You Only Knew
No relation to Christmas at all, but I just like this song, and why you should not listen
to a cool song on holidays?

## Crushcrushcrush
Again, nothing christmassy, but a long of energy `guaranteed` after listening to this song.

## Throne
Everything is gonna build your `throne` in New Year.